Find out why all of a sudden time zone lookup at UTC 0 0 23 0 (DST map count
   check) is trying to load module tzdata. It is just because of the string "A"
   where does that come from?


The set of time zones output by a search may be considered correct at the time
of the search. In many cases, results will remain stable for the foreseeable
future. However, governments do modify their time zones (sometimes on short
notice). For this reason we suggest users exercise caution in selecting remote
work locations that are in time zones within one hour of each edge. These are
highlighted in results — with a slightly lighter colour on the map, and with
indicator icons in the lists of countries and cities.

===

Maps show the following types of time zones, colour-coded:
    1a) Time zones always within worker "remote zone", which are not within one
        hour of the edge. These are valid time zones on all days of the year,
        and take any daylight saving time transitions used in one or both time
        zones into account.
    1b) Time zones always within worker "remote zone", which are within one hour
        of the edge. These also take into account any daylight saving time
        transitions, but are differentiated in colour for two reasons. a) any
        change in time zone law may bring them out of worker's remote zone. b)
        they are near the edge of the worker's zone, and may need to be excluded
        for flexibility.
     2) Time zones that are in the worker's remote zone with the exception of
        two hours a year (a relevant DST transition is "off" by one hour because
        time zones switch at the same local time rather than the same UTC time.
        This is a rare result because it would involve work in an overnight
        shift in the remote zone from somewhere else in the
        not-perfectly-coordinated region, by someone whose availability is
        strictly limited. e.g. a worker in Los Angeles who is only available
        from 01:00 to 09:00 and needs to work a 02:00 to 10:00 shift in Calgary.
        This would work every day except for on North American DST transition
        days.
     3) Time zones that are in the worker's remote zone with the exception of
        less than a week. e.g. between countries following EU rules and those in
        the Middle East who modify them to better fit local weekend definitions.
     4) Time zones that would be in the worker's remote zone except for more
        distant daylight saving time transitions, e.g. between the U.S./Canada/
        Mexico border zone and most of Mexico, or between either and the
        main European zone. Remote work here may still be possible with
        additional defined flexibility on the part of the worker or employer.
     5) Time zones that are definitely outside of the worker's remote zone
        either for a full DST or standard time period, or for the full year.


overnments do modify , sometimes on short notice,

and for many . In most cases


# Calculate representative time zones (same offset, transition dates) and
    #   write to JSON
    # Check status of system tz data - currently just daily check to see if
    #   updated need until sure what system it will be running on.
    # Check status of timezone-boundary-builder for maps.
    # Calculate sets for all UTC hours, minute ranges for start and stop
    #   for remote work from 09:00 to 17:00.
    # From draft version remove need to check so many dts, just get datetime
    #   and timedelta from zone transitions.
    # Calculate equivalences for other remote work time periods through
    #   addition, checking equality, goal being a lookup with worker_tz,
    #   eight relevant integers that returns the value of a timezone set for
    #   map
    # In the same way apply this equivalence to all non-DST time zones, they
    #   just being shifted around. DST in remote zones incorporated by checking
    #   dts.
    # Apply the same equivalences to DST time zones, just subtracting on the
    #   edges potential remote time zones that would be a match because of
    #   range alone but are not because of transition dates. Return blocked
    #   times so user can make choice to pursue or not - especially if it's
    #   only one day or 2 - 3 that or off, or even 2 weeks where schedule would
    #   have to be adjusted
    # Dart/Flutter UI: third page is direct links into job sites, and also
    #   a place for donations (apple: in-app purchases) and a tongue-in-cheek
    #   the developer is looking for remote work in these time zones here.
    # Dart/Flutter UI: map loaded page (cities loaded) (countries loaded)
    #   take that information also over into third page
    # Dart/Flutter UI: At least have the click-on item be a clock that changes
    #   based on selection (nice looking) if not being able to scroll it like
    #   a combination chain lock. Although that's the UX that feels right.
    # Connect the Python backend to the Dart/Flutter frontend with API.
    # QGIS. Once all remote tz sets are known, programmatically run the Python
    #   script to create all maps, combining timezone-boundary-builder data
    #   with land/sea boundaries.
    # Perhaps the 1 - 3 days, 3 - 15 days non-matches in different color
    # User should be able to save a search as current, operational ones,
    # and get updates if there are upcoming tz changes that affect the edges of
    the geographic range.

    user specify until end of cal year next cal year

    Put on CentOS or whatever OS on server: Changes to the tz code and data are often propagated to clients via operating system updates, so client tz data can often be corrected by applying these updates. With GNU/Linux and similar systems, if your maintenance provider has not yet adopted the latest tz data, you can often short-circuit the process by tailoring the generic instructions in the tz README file and installing the latest data yourself.